
Introduction

The Elastic Stack really excels at continuously streaming data from countless sources into Elasticsearch. But sometimes, you just want to quickly ingest some data to analyze it ad hoc without having to set up a data processing pipeline for it. For this use case, we can use the data visualizer. In this hands-on lab, you will leverage the data visualizer to ingest some flat file data into Elasticsearch to be analyzed.

Solution
Download and Extract the malicious_urls Dataset
Download the malicious_urls.zip archive.
Extract the malicious_urls.csv file.
Upload the malicious_urls Dataset to the Data Visualizer
Navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided on the lab page (e.g., http://public_ip).
Log in to Elastic using the username elastic and password.
Click the hamburger menu icon in the upper left corner.
Click Machine Learning.
Click Data Visualizer.
Under Import data, click Select file.
Either drag and drop the malicious_urls.csv file, or upload it by using the File menu.
Observe how it's already started analyzing the data.
Click Import.
Configure and Import the malicious_urls Dataset
Click the Advanced tab.

In the Index settings box, add a comma after 1 and enter a new line of "number of replicas": 0:

{
  "number_of_shards": 1,
  "number_of_replicas": 0
}
For Index name, enter malicious_urls.

Leave Create index pattern checked.

Click Import.

Monitor its progress along the bottom of the screen.

Once it's complete, click View index in Discover.

You should then see a long list of URLs.