Introduction
Efficiently ingesting continuously generated data 24/7 is one of the many things Elasticsearch is very good at. But eventually, you're going to run out of space. This is why it is important to leverage the index lifecycle management (ILM) feature in Elasticsearch. In this hands-on lab, you will create ILM policies in Elasticsearch to optimize and move cold data to slower nodes and to retire old data to free up space.

Solution
In a web browser, navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided with the lab instructions and log in as the elastic user with the password  The Kibana console will launch automatically.

Create the audit_policy ILM Policy
In the Kibana console, delete the default GET request that is auto-populated.
Verify that the node has been allocated properly:
GET _cat/nodes?v
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Create the audit_policy by executing the following:
PUT _ilm/policy/audit_policy
{
  "policy": {
   "phases": {
    "hot": {
     "actions": {}
    },
    "cold": {
     "min_age": "7d",
     "actions": {
       "freeze": {},
       "readonly": {}
     }
   },
   "delete": {
    "min_age": "365d",
    "actions": {
     "delete": {}
    }
   }
  }
 }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Insert a new line above the PUT request to verify the policy was created successfully:
GET _ilm/policy/audit_policy
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Create the audit_template Index Template
Insert a few new lines above the commands you used to create the audit_policy ILM policy.
Create the audit_template by executing the following:
PUT _index_template/audit_template
{
  "index_patterns": ["audit-*"],
  "template": {
    "settings": {
     "number_of_shards": 1,
     "number_of_replicas": 0,
     "index.lifecycle.name": "audit_policy"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Insert a new line above the PUT request to verify the template was created successfully:
_index_template/audit_template
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Create and Verify the First audit-DD-MM-YYYY Index
Insert a few new lines above the commands you used to create the audit_template template.
Create the audit index by executing the following request using the current date:
PUT audit-09-13-2021
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Insert a new line below the PUT request, and execute the following request to verify the index was created successfully:
GET audit-09-13-2021
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.