Introduction
In previous versions of Elasticsearch, you had to use a series of APIs to continuously stream data to a “hot” index alias and roll that alias over to new indices as they filled up. Now, in recent versions of Elasticsearch, we can leverage data streams to handle this operation for us. In this hands-on lab, you will create data-streams for time-series data in Elasticsearch so that we can continuously write data to indices that automatically rollover when they reach a specified size or age.

Solution
Open a new browser tab and navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided on the lab page (e.g., http://<PUBLIC_IP>).
Log in using the following credentials:
Username: elastic
Password: 
Create the apache_policy ILM Policy
Remove any of the current contents from the console, and check to see if the node is running:

GET _cat/nodes?v
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the request. You should see the node is currently running.

Create the new apache_policy index lifecycle management (ILM) policy. Ensure you set the following requirements:

Configure the rollover action for the hot phase to trigger at a max primary shard size of 5gb.
Configure the hot phase to forcemerge rolled over indices into a single segment.
Configure the hot phase to set rolled over indices to readonly.
Configure the delete phase to delete all indices with a minimum age of 90 days.
PUT _ilm/policy/apache_policy
{
  "policy": {
    "phases": {
      "hot": {
        "actions": {
          "rollover": {
            "max_primary_shard_size": "5gb"
          },
          "forcemerge": {
            "max_num_segments": 1
          },
          "readonly": {}
        }
      },
      "delete": {
        "min_age": "90d",
        "actions": {
          "delete": {}
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the policy.

Add a new line above the request to check the policy:

GET _ilm/policy/apache_policy
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the GET request. You should see the policy successfully displayed on the right.

Create the apache_template Index Template
Create the new apache_template index template. Add the code above the GET request you just made. Ensure the index template meets the following requirements:

Configure the index template to use the apache_stream data stream.
Configure the index template to create indices with 1 primary and 0 replica shards.
Configure the index template to create indices that use the apache_policy ILM policy.
PUT _index_template/apache_template
{
  "index_patterns": ["apache_stream"],
  "data_stream": {},
  "template": {
    "settings": {
      "number_of_shards": 1,
      "number_of_replicas": 0,
      "index.lifecycle.name": "apache_policy"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

Add a new line above the request to check the index template:

GET _index_template/apache_template
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the GET request. You should see the index template successfully displayed on the right.

Start and Verify the apache_stream Data Stream
Add the following above your last GET request to start the apache_stream data stream:

PUT _data_stream/apache_stream
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the GET request. You should see true value for acknowledged on the right indicating the stream was started.

Verify that the apache_stream data stream was created with the apache_template template and has the apache_policy ILM policy. Enter the following on the next line:

GET _data_stream/apache_stream
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the GET request. You should see the apache_stream is using the apache_template as well as the apache_policy ILM policy and it is currently in a GREEN status.
