
Introduction
Elasticsearch offers a variety of different search functions that can be used to perform term-level, non-analyzed searching. In this hands-on lab, you will get to leverage several different term-level search functions in order to ask the data some questions.

Solution
Open a new browser tab and navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided on the lab page (e.g., http://public_ip).
Log in using the username elastic and password .
Craft a Query That Answers the Question: Who Was the Customer That Placed Order ID 725676?
From the Kibana console, check the indices:
GET _cat/indices?v
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Enter the lab objective question as a comment:
# Who was the customer that placed order ID 725676?
From the Kibana console, execute the following:
GET ecommerce/_search
{
  "query": {
    "term": {
      "order_id": {
        "value": "725676"
      }
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Look for the customer_full_name field.
Craft a Query That Answers the Question: From What Cities Did Samir Garza, Selena Gibbs, and Tariq Duncan Place Orders?
Move up underneath GET _cat/indices?v and enter the lab objective question as a comment:
# From what cities did Samir Garza, Selena Gibbs, and Tariq Duncan place orders?
Execute the following:
GET ecommerce/_search
{
  "query": {
    "terms": {
      "customer_full_name.keyword": [
        "Samir Garza",
        "Selena Gibbs",
        "Tariq Duncan"
      ]
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Scroll down and look for the city_name field.
Craft a Query That Answers the Question: What Orders Were Placed with a Total Taxed Price of 10 to 20 Euro?
Move up underneath GET _cat/indices?v and enter the lab objective question as a comment:
# What orders were placed with a total taxed price of 10 to 20 euro?
Execute the following:
GET ecommerce/_search
{
  "query": {
    "range": {
      "taxful_total_price": {
        "gte": 10,
        "lte": 20
      }
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Scroll down and check that the taxful_total_price is between 10 and 20.