Introduction
For more complicated queries, you need to be able to combine many different search functions together. You can do this with compound search functions in Elasticsearch. In this hands-on lab, you will leverage compound search functions and boolean logic to write and combine term-level and full-text queries into a single search request.

Solution
In a web browser, navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided with the lab instructions and log in as the elastic user with the password. The Kibana console will launch automatically.

Craft a Query That Answers the Question: How Many Web Requests Originate from Either US or CN Where the Response Was Not 200?
In the Kibana console, delete the default GET request that is auto-populated.

Verify that all indices have been allocated properly:

GET _cat/indices?v
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

In the list of indices returned in the response pane, verify that the kibana_sample_data_logs index is present, which is the dataset you will be querying.

Note: The alias logs can be used when querying this dataset.

Craft a query that will determine how many web requests originated from the US or CN where the response was not 200. To do so, you will need to combine a boolean search that:

Must include the values of US or CN for the geo.src field
Must not contain the value of 200 for the response.keyword field
GET logs/_search
{
  "query": {
    "bool": {
      "must": [
        {
          "terms": {
            "geo.src": [
              "US",
              "CN"
            ]
          }
        }
      ],
      "must_not": [
        {
          "term": {
            "response.keyword": {
              "value": "200"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

In the response pane, view the hits > value field to determine the number of web requests that met the query criteria.

Scroll through some of the web requests that were returned and validate that either US or CN appears in the geo > src field and some number other than 200 appears in the response field.

Craft a Query That Answers the Question: How Many Web Requests with a 200 Response and at Least 2 Tags with success, security, or info Value Are Not from a Machine with a Windows Operating System?
Insert a few new lines above the first query.

Craft a query that will determine how many web requests with a response of 200 and at least 2 of the success, security, or info tags were made from a non-Windows machine. To do so, you will need to combine a boolean search that:

Must contain the value of 200 for the response.keyword field
Should include a minimum of 2 matches for the values of success, security, or info for the tags.keyword field
Must not contain the value of win (to be inclusive of all Windows versions) for the machine.os field
GET logs/_search
{
  "query": {
    "bool": {
      "must": [
        {
          "term": {
            "response.keyword": {
              "value": "200"
            }
          }
        }
      ],
      "should": [
        {
          "term": {
            "tags.keyword": {
              "value": "success"
            }
          }
        },
        {
          "term": {
            "tags.keyword": {
              "value": "security"
            }
          }
        },
        {
          "term": {
            "tags.keyword": {
              "value": "info"
            }
          }
        }
      ],
      "minimum_should_match": 2,
      "must_not": [
        {
          "match": {
            "machine.os": "win"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

In the response pane, view the hits > value field to determine the number of web requests that met the query criteria.

Scroll through some of the web requests that were returned and validate that only the number 200 appears in the response field; 2 tags that are either success, security, or info appear in the tags field; and some operating system other than win (such as ios or osx) appears in the os field.

Craft a Query That Answers the Question: How Many Web Requests Were Made for apm-server RPM or DEB Files by Users Using an OS X Operating System?
Insert a few new lines above the second query.

Craft a query that will determine how many web requests were made for apm-server RPM or DEB files from a machine running OS X, and filter the results to only include files between 1024 and 8192 bytes without affecting relevancy scoring. To do so, you will need to combine a boolean search that:

Must contain the value of apm-server as the prefix for the request field
Must contain the values of deb or rpm for the extension.keyword field
Must contain the value of osx for the machine.os.keyword field
Filters the results to only display a range of files that are 1024 to 8192 bytes in size
GET logs/_search
{
  "query": {
    "bool": {
      "must": [
        {
          "match_phrase_prefix": {
            "request": "apm-server"
          }
        },
        {
          "terms": {
            "extension.keyword": [
              "deb",
              "rpm"
            ]
          }
        },
        {
          "term": {
            "machine.os.keyword": {
              "value": "osx"
            }
          }
        }
      ],
      "filter": [
        {
          "range": {
            "bytes": {
              "gte": 1024,
              "lte": 8192
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

In the response pane, view the hits > value field to determine the number of web requests that met the query criteria.

Scroll through some of the web requests that were returned and validate that the term apm-server appears somewhere in the request field; only files with the deb or rpm extension are displayed in the extension field; only the osx operating system appears in the os field; and only files between 1024 and 8192 bytes in size, as displayed in the bytes field, were returned.