Introduction
Occasionally, we need to ask data questions that may take some time to answer. In these situations, it is beneficial to have the option of executing said query asynchronously. In this hands-on lab, you will get to execute and manage asynchronous search queries in Elasticsearch.

Solution
Open a new browser tab and navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided on the lab page (e.g., http://public_ip).
Log in using the username elastic and password.
Create the Asynchronous Search
From the Kibana console, check the indices:
GET _cat/indices?v
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Execute the following:
POST /filebeat-7.13.4/_async_search?wait_for_completion_timeout=0
{
  "size": 100,
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "message": "ssh"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Note the id.
Check the Status of the Asynchronous Search
Note: If you did not get an async search ID, then make sure you set the wait_for_completion_timeout parameter to 0 when creating the async search.

Use the async search ID to get the status of the request:
GET _async_search/status/<ASYNC_SEARCH_ID>
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request. You should see a completion_status of 200.
Rerun the GET _cat/indices?v request to confirm there is only 1 shard.
Get the Results of the Asynchronous Search
Use the async search ID to get the results of the request:
GET _async_search/<ASYNC_SEARCH_ID>
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Scroll through the results to confirm the log messages mention SSH.
Delete the Asynchronous Search
Use the async search ID to delete the request:
DELETE _async_search/<ASYNC_SEARCH_ID>
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.
Rerun the GET _async_search/status/<ASYNC_SEARCH_ID> request to confirm the request was deleted. You should see error.