Introduction
It is not uncommon to have multiple Elasticsearch clusters whenever you’re dealing with several use cases that have different performance requirements. To make it easier to interact with multiple clusters, you can leverage cross-cluster search. In this hands-on lab, you will get to search across multiple Elasticsearch clusters.

Solution
In a web browser, navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided with the lab instructions and log in as the elastic user with the password. The Kibana console will launch automatically.

Note: While you are querying the es2 and es3 servers, you do not need to log in to them to do so.

Configure Cross-Cluster Search on the Primary Server
In the Kibana console, delete the default GET request that is auto-populated.

Verify that all indices have been allocated properly:

GET _cat/indices?v
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

In the lisf of indices returned in the response pane, verify that the metricbeat-7.13.4 index is present, which is the dataset you will be querying.

Add a persistent remote cluster setting for the es2 and es3 clusters:

For es2, name it cluster_2, use the 10.0.1.102 IP address, and make sure to use the transport interface on port 9300
For es3, name it cluster_3, use the 10.0.1.103 IP address, and make sure to use the transport interface on port 9300
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster": {
      "remote": {
        "cluster_2": {
          "seeds": ["10.0.1.102:9300"]
        },
        "cluster_3": {
          "seeds": ["10.0.1.103:9300"]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

Insert a new line above the PUT request and verify that the cluster setting was configured successfully:

GET _cluster/settings
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

The cluster settings should display in the response pane, indicating it was configured successfuly.

Execute the Cross-Cluster Search on the Secondary Servers
Insert a few new lines below the previous PUT request.

Query the metricbeat-7.13.4 dataset on es2:

GET cluster_2:metricbeat-7.13.4/_search
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

Scroll through the response pane and verify that the data returned is from the dataset on es2.

Query the metricbeat-7.13.4 dataset on es3:

GET cluster_3:metricbeat-7.13.4/_search
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

Scroll through the response pane and verify that the data returned is from the dataset on es3.

Execute the Cross-Cluster Search on All Clusters Simultaneously
Insert a few new lines below the previous GET request.

Query the metricbeat-7.13.4 dataset on es1, es2. and es3 simultaneously with a single query:

GET metricbeat-7.13.4,cluster_2:metricbeat-7.13.4,cluster_3:metricbeat-7.13.4/_search
Press Cmd + Enter to execute the request.

Scroll through the response pane and verify that the data returned is from the datasets on es1, es2, and es3.