Introduction
There are a lot of options when crafting an analyzed full-text query in Elasticsearch. In this hands-on lab, you will get to ask our sample data questions using several different full-text search functions.

Solution
Navigate to the public IP address of the es1 node provided on the lab page (e.g., http://public_ip).
Log in to Elastic using the username elastic and password.
Note: To run commands in the Kibana console, press Cmd+Enter (or Windows+Enter on a Windows machine).

Craft a Query That Answers the Question: How Many Lines from Shakespeare's Plays Reference Love?
Replace the text in the console on the left with the following to ensure we have the shakespeare dataset:

GET _cat/indices?v
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the query.

You should see the shakespeare dataset in the list on the right.
Enter a comment with the question we need to answer:

How many lines from Shakespeare's plays reference love?
Beneath the question, enter the following:

GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "text_entry": "love"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the query.

In the first hits block, note the value.

It should be 1857, meaning 1,857 lines reference "love."
Craft a Query That Answers the Question: How Many Lines from Shakespeare's Plays Reference Hate?
Above the question we just answered, enter a comment with the next question we need to answer:

How many lines from Shakespeare's plays reference hate?
Copy the query you just executed, and paste it beneath the question.

Change love to hate, so it looks like the following:

GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "text_entry": "hate"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the query.

In the first hits block, note the value.

It should be 158, meaning 158 lines reference "hate."
Craft a Query That Answers the Question: What Is the Play and Line Number Where "To Be, or Not to Be" Is Spoken?
Above the question we just answered, enter a comment with the next question we need to answer:

What is the play and line number where "to be, or not to be" is spoken?
Enter the following query beneath the question:

GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match_phrase": {
      "text_entry": "to be, or not to be"
    }
  }
}
Press Cmd+Enter to execute the query.

In the second hits block, note the line_number value.

It should be 3.1.64.